SQL: Prevent ambiguous col refs to system tables (#17545)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/sql/system-catalog/_index.md

disable_list: true
---

{{< warning >}}
Views that directly reference these objects cannot include `NATURAL JOIN` or

> `*` expressions. Instead, Expand all wildcards and convert all `NATURAL JOIN`s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`*` expressions. Instead, project the required columns and convert all `NATURAL JOIN`s
```

Reviewer: The upper-case E feels like a personal attack, @jkosh44. 😂

Author: Oy, that's what I get for copy and pasting.
